Update null-object-pattern.md (#102)
ardalis/DevIQ-gatsby: src/docs/design-patterns/null-object-pattern.md

}
```

> Another way implement the Null Object Pattern, is by using inhetance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way implement the Null Object Pattern, is by using inheritance:
```

```java
public class NullObjectCustomer : Customer
{
  public NullObjectCustomer(){
    OrderCount=0;
    TotalSales=0m;
  }
  // other properties and behavior
}
```

Then, wherever you would have a method that could return a null Customer, have it return the static instance instead:

```java
public Customer GetByPhoneNumber(string phoneNumber)
{
 var customer = _customerRepository

>                 .List(c.PhoneNumber == phoneNumber)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                .List(c => c.PhoneNumber == phoneNumber)
```
The previous syntax was correct. It's a lambda expression in C#.

                .FirstOrDefault();
  if(customer == null) { return Customer.NotFound; }
  return customer;
}
```

> If using NullObjectCustomer, code is very same, except of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using `NullObjectCustomer`, code is the same, except for:
```
